Write API: update debates (#15802)
decidim/decidim: docs/modules/develop/pages/api/reference/components/debates/update.adoc

= Update Debate

== Input attributes

> When you want to add or create data in your debates component, you need to rely on the `DebateAttributes` type, which has the following input fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want to update data in your debates component, you need to rely on the `DebateAttributes` type, which has the following input fields:
```

Reviewer: Just keeping it consistent with the other updates (from Meetings and Proposals)

[source]
----
• title                 (required) - String
• description           (required) - String
• taxonomies            (optional) - Taxonomy ids to assign to this debate

> ----

Reviewer: Already implemented an alternative to this
